# Materialize-Dashboard
This repo contains the dashboard files that correspond with the app on the app store. The files will have to be downloaded and added to your server's main directory (wherever your html files are hosted). It should all be under the folder "Materialize" in your Documents folder for your apache server.
# Google Play Store App
In order to use this dashboard, you will have to download the app from the Google Play Store for Android Phones. The app will allow you to look at the dashboard alongside many other features of Materialize while away from your server machine.
# Setup
The dashboard is intended to be used with an apache server. Download the zipped file "Materialize" and unzip the contents (which should just be one folder) into the apache documents directory (where your html files are hosted). You will then be able to go through the dashboard features and customize them. Also, you will have to note down the server ip address to both the folder and its contents so that you can enter it into the corresponding field on the "Settings" page on the app. Examples for what the address should basically look like are provided in the app's settings page as well. Also, make sure you copy down the server exactly as it is shown in your browser! Having "https://" instead of "http://" can make a huge difference. If you happen to change any of the locations of the log files for apache or other parts of the app, make sure to reflect that change in the files in the file. 
# Customization
This dashboard was created with the user's preferences and freedom in mind! If you feel that some of the dashboard or app features are not useful to your server setup, you are more than welcome to edit the dashboard or add your own features! The idea behind Materialize was to make something that will have a constant use to you, the user, as you continue to host your app and will have different needs as compared to other users. If you do change any files or wish to host a differt tool/function, just place the IP address to the added tool in the settings page. For example, if you want to change what the logs function of the app displays, then you could just create whatever you want and can just place the new file's ip address instead of the logs ip address. 
# Issues
If you have any issues with the individual tools, you can check online to diagnose what exactly may be the issue. It is recommended that you refrain from changing the setup of the typical apache files and if you do, you will want to make sure that you change the file path for the other files that will require it. For issues pertaining to the /Materialize/index.php file, it is recommended that you pay close attention to the file structure of your apache folder and how you copied the dashboard over. For app issues, you will want to try and restart the app, if you keep getting a blank page then it could be something related to your dashboard. 
# Sources Cited
I take no credit for the free and open source programs/tools that are packaged with this dashboard. These tools have been put into the dashboard to serve as a base for what user's may want on their dashboard and to show that it is completely customizeable. The sources that I have used are linked here and you may want to go to their website if you want to learn more or run into any issues.
PhpSysInfo: https://github.com/phpsysinfo/phpsysinfo
Webgrind: https://github.com/jokkedk/webgrind
DirectoryLister: www.directorylister.com/
phpFileManager: www.phpfm.sourceforge.net/
